get a root router in generate_versioned_routers (#74)
Ovsyanka83/cadwyn: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [2.0.0]

### Changed

> - `generate_versioned_routers` now accepts one root router instead of a sequence of routers to meet typing requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `generate_versioned_routers` now accepts only one router instead of a sequence of routers to give us the ability to guarantee that the type of generated routers is the same as the type of the passed router.
```
